update and add dev agent info (#8718)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-copilot-overview.md

---
title: "dbt Copilot"
id: "dbt-copilot-overview"
description: "dbt Copilot is dbt's AI experience — bringing inline code assistance and autonomous agents together across your analytics development lifecycle."
sidebar_label: "dbt Copilot"
hide_table_of_contents: true
pagination_next: null
keywords: ["dbt Copilot", "dbt Agents", "AI", "analytics", "dbt"]
---

# dbt Copilot <Lifecycle status="self_service,managed,managed_plus" />

<IntroText>
<Constant name="copilot" /> is dbt's AI experience — designed to accelerate every stage of your analytics development lifecycle through inline code assistance and autonomous agents, all grounded in dbt's structured context.
</IntroText>

Whether you're generating SQL and documentation with a single click, or delegating complex workflows to an autonomous agent, <Constant name="copilot" /> brings AI into the places you already work in <Constant name="cloud" />.

<div className="grid--2-col">

<Card
    title="Copilot"

>     body="Inline AI assistance for code generation, documentation, tests, semantic models, and SQL — available in the dbt Cloud IDE, Visual Editor, and Query page."

Reviewer: Some constants might not work right now
```suggestion
    body="Inline AI assistance for code generation, documentation, tests, semantic models, and SQL. Available in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />, <Constant name="canvas" />, and <Constant name="insights" />."
```

Author: i dont think constants work in the card component
